[dv] Update checklist (#9978)
lowRISC/opentitan: doc/project/checklist.md

### PRE_VERIFIED_SUB_MODULES_V1

Sub-modules that are pre-verified with their own testbenches have already reached V1 or a higher stage.

> For sub-modules that are pre-verified, but are not tracked (i.e., not taken through the verification milestones), ensure that their coverage level meets or exceeds the V2 milestone requirement.

Reviewer: Should this be "V1 milestone" ?

Author: Good catch. I should add this statement to all 3 milestones. Fixed, thanks

### PRE_VERIFIED_SUB_MODULES_V1

Sub-modules that are pre-verified with their own testbenches have already reached V1 or a higher stage.

> For sub-modules that are pre-verified, but are not tracked (i.e., not taken through the verification milestones), ensure that their coverage level meets or exceeds the V1 milestone requirement.

Reviewer 2: Suggest changing grammar to match the rest of this doc. 

```suggestion
The coverage level of the pre-verified sub-modules that are not tracked (i.e., not taken through the verification milestones), meets or exceeds the V1 milestone requirement.
They are clearly cited in the DV document. 
```

### PRE_VERIFIED_SUB_MODULES_V2

> Sub-modules that are pre-verified with their own testbenches have already reached V2 or a higher stage.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sub-modules that are pre-verified with their own testbenches have already reached V2 or a higher stage.
For sub-modules that are pre-verified, but are not tracked (i.e., not taken through the verification milestones), ensure that their coverage level meets or exceeds the V2 milestone requirement. 
```

> List these sub-modules in the dv_doc and the coverage of these sub-modeules can be excluded in the IP-level testbench.

Reviewer 3: Nit, could we also have some place where we list the specific pre-verified prim modules? Then it would be easy to create this list for each IP.

Author: we can find these in the [dashboard](https://reports.opentitan.org/hw/top_earlgrey/dv/summary.html) of regression results. They are all named as prim_*.

### PRE_VERIFIED_SUB_MODULES_V2

Sub-modules that are pre-verified with their own testbenches have already reached V2 or a higher stage.

> List these sub-modules in the dv_doc and the coverage of these sub-modeules can be excluded in the IP-level testbench.

Author: Update, thanks
